Add core concepts video (#3324)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/getting-started/core-concepts.md

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><mark style="color:purple;"><strong>1. Development</strong></mark></td><td>As a developer, how do I design my machine learning workflows?</td><td></td><td><a href="core-concepts.md#1-development">#1-development</a></td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:purple;"><strong>2. Execution</strong></mark></td><td>While executing, how do my workflows utilize the large landscape of MLOps tooling/infrastructure?</td><td></td><td><a href="core-concepts.md#2-execution">#2-execution</a></td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:purple;"><strong>3. Management</strong></mark></td><td>How do I establish and maintain a production-grade and efficient solution?</td><td></td><td><a href="core-concepts.md#3-management">#3-management</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iCB4KNjl5vs" %}

> For visual learners, this video summarizes the concepts below in a short video

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer visual learning, this short video demonstrates the key concepts covered below.
```
